--------------------
Name: Keith Holcomb
Date: May 5th, 2025
Project: PC Building App
Course: CISS:451 - Senior Projects 001
Description: PC Building App application instructions.
	These instructions highlight how to open the project in the IntelliJ IDE,
	as well as how to view the code/files I created for the project, and how to start the application.
--------------------



The included folder, named "PCBuildingAppProject" is the entire PC Building App IntelliJ IDE project.
All that is required is the latest installation of the community IntelliJ IDEA.



----- OPENING THE PROJECT -----
Opening the project simply requires to open IntelliJ and open a project.
When opening a project, select the entire folder named "PCBuildingAppProject".
A popup may show up stating the project needs permissions, go ahead and accept those.
Once that is done, the Main.java should already be opened by default.



----- Accessing the files I created for the project -----
After opening the project, there should be a file heirarchy on the left of the IDE.
In the heirarchy, the files I created are located within the main folder:
PCBuildingAppProject
	^ src
		^ main

Within the main folder, there are two other folders, java & resources.
	Within the java folder there is another folder keith.pcbuildingappproject.
		This folder contains all the Java classes and files that I created for the PC Building App.
	
	Within the resources folder, there are two folders, image & keith.pcbuildingappproject
		The image folder contains all the images I used for the PC Building App.
		
		The keith.pcbuildingappproject folder inside the resources folder
		has all the FXML scenes I created for the PC Building App



---- STARTING THE APPLICATION -----
To start the application, the Main.java file should already be opened.
In the top right, go ahead and run the Main.java file.
This should start the actual PC Building App program.

If connected to the database, some login credentials to use are:
Username: Keith123
Password: Keith123
This user account within the database has two pre-created PC Build Lists.
	One of the PC Build Lists is a guide,
	the other is a list with many compatibility errors.
	

